## Steps to run this project

After cloning the repository,
you should be in the deployment folder for running the following commands.

1. `cd deployment` To open deployment folder
2. `npm run build-source` install dependancies in stack code and all lambda handler codes
3. `npm run build` compile all the .ts files and clean all auto-generated .js and .d.ts files in deployment folder
4. `npm run start` This will run `build-source` , `build` , `clean` and `deploy`scripts. It's a single command to make the application ready.
5. `npm run boot` bootstrap the stack
6. `npm run deploy` deploy the stack to your default AWS account/region
7. `npm run destroy` destroy the deployed stack
8. `npm run clean` clean the autogenerated \*.js file in deployment folder

## Other commands

1. `npm run build:content-reader` install dependancies of content-reader
2. `npm run build:crawler-processor` install dependancies of crawler-processor
3. `npm run build:crawler-processor-health` install dependancies of crawler-processor-health
4. `npm run build:create-demo-account` install dependancies of create-demo-account
5. `npm run build:demo-account-dynamodb-stream` install dependancies of demo-account-dynamodb-stream
6. `npm run build:dictionary` install dependancies of dictionary
7. `npm run build:get-demo-user-data` install dependancies of get-demo-user-data
8. `npm run build:get-suggestions` install dependancies of get-suggestions
9. `npm run build:indexer` install dependancies of indexer
10. `npm run build:indexer-processor` install dependancies of indexer-processor
11. `npm run build:indexer-processor-health` install dependancies of indexer-processor-health
12. `npm run build:jsonld-health` install dependancies of jsonld-health
13. `npm run build:jsonld-reader` install dependancies of jsonld-reader
14. `npm run build:jsonld-updater` install dependancies of jsonld-updater
15. `npm run build:login-demo-account` install dependancies of login-demo-account
16. `npm run build:proxy-nlu` install dependancies of proxy-nlu
17. `npm run build:proxy-stt` install dependancies of proxy-stt
18. `npm run build:proxy-tts` install dependancies of proxy-tts
19. `npm run build:scrapper-processor` install dependancies of scrapper-processor
20. `npm run build:scrapper-processor-health` install dependancies of scrapper-processor-health
21. `npm run build:specific-utterance-deleter` install dependancies of specific-utterance-deleter
22. `npm run build:specific-utterance-deleter-health` install dependancies of specific-utterance-deleter-health
23. `npm run build:status-reader` install dependancies of status-reader
24. `npm run build:status-reader-health` install dependancies of status-reader-health
25. `npm run build:template-creator` install dependancies of template-creator
26. `npm run build:template-health` install dependancies of template-health
27. `npm run build:template-reader` install dependancies of template-reader
28. `npm run build:utterance-creator` install dependancies of utterance-creator
29. `npm run build:utterance-deleter` install dependancies of utterance-deleter
30. `npm run build:utterance-health` install dependancies of utterance-health
31. `npm run build:utterance-reader` install dependancies of utterance-reader
32. `npm run build:utterance-reader-health` install dependancies of utterance-reader-health
33. `npm run build:utterance-updater` install dependancies of utterance-updater
34. `npm run build:validate-session` install dependancies of validate-session
35. `npm run build:verify-email` install dependancies of verify-email
36. `npm run export` exports api definitions in YAML format to ./exportedApi folder


